[Music]
the French far-right leader that is a
leader opposed to mass Muslim migration
and French cultural and political
suicide marine lepen has been ordered by
a French court to undergo a psychiatric
examination in order to discover whether
or not she is capable of understanding
remarks and answering questions now why
is there this doubt as tool appends
mental competence because she tweeted
out gruesome propaganda images from
terror group Isis that showed the bodies
of people having been executed by the so
called Islamic state and why did she do
that out of a lurid fascination with
blood and gore or some secret sympathy
for the Islamic states jihad no she
tweeted out those images because her
party was being likened to the Islamic
state in the French media in a bid to
bring the national discussion back to
some semblance of sanity she pointed out
by means of visual aids that her party
was not behaving in the same way as the
Islamic state behaves and not leaving a
trail of bloodshed and death in its wake
but that meant nothing to the French
authorities who are desperate to destroy
her her movement and any and all
opposition to their globalist socialist
open borders agenda she was charged with
circulating violent messages that incite
terrorism or pornography or seriously
harm human dignity and now according to
the local as part of their investigation
it appears magistrate's in Nanterre near
Paris have ordered lepen to visit a
psychiatrist for an expert assessment
adding to the Orwellian flavor of the
whole scenario was the fact that this
order was issued on September 11th you
thought it would stop with the defaming
and des platforming of foes of jihad
terror no soviet-style judgments of
insanity are next and what will come
after that the answer is clear enough
lepen is still trying to inject a note
of sanity into this fantastically insane
public discourse stating I thought I had
been through it all well no for
denouncing the horrors of die each that
is Isis by tweetss the justice system
has referred me for a psychiatric
assessment how far will they go how far
indeed
pen is defiant she says of course I will
not go to this psychiatric assessment
and I will wait to see how the
magistrate intends to force me indeed
we're all waiting
now that the French authorities have
begun to engage in the Soviet tactic of
branding their opposition mentally
incompetent
what other Soviet tactics will follow
will thuggish security personnel knock
on the Penn's door at 3:00 in the
morning and drag her off to a prison
cell and physical and psychological
torture will she end up in a camp where
the truncheon will be employed liberally
until she emerges re-educated loving Big
Brother and proclaiming that Islam is a
religion of peace and tolerance that has
nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism
these kinds of scenarios are not
hysterical fantasies anymore if they
ever were if lepen is ordered to undergo
psychiatric examination for the
completely sane act of opposing the
Islamic state and refuting claims that
her movement is like it then all bets
are off
France like Britain where the police are
devoting themselves to tracking down not
just hate crimes but non crime hate
incidents i he thought crimes while
actual crime rates skyrocket is rapidly
descending into totalitarianism and
there is no telling where we'll end if
thoughts that dissent from the leftist
establishment agenda can be prosecuted
and declared to be evidence of insanity
then the door has been opened to all the
rest of the features of the reign of
terror that always accompanies the rule
of the hard left and so we will soon see
well French authorities indeed come
after lepen and enforce this order will
she be imprisoned for refusing it will
others who declare that Islam is not a
religion of peace and that mass Muslim
migration into Europe is unwise be
likewise declared insane and carted off
to hospitals or prisons will France and
other euro socialists autocracies open
ghoul eggs for those who dare to say
that jihad terror is something that
decent people should oppose lepen also
stated it's really incredible this
regime is really starting to worry me
you and me both sister
I'm Robert Spencer a showman fellow for
the David Horowitz freedom Center and
director of jihad watch this video has
been brought to you by the Center for
security policy
[Music]